Align observability landing pages (#3795)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/get-started/other-tutorials/tutorial-monitor-java-application.md

## What’s next? [_whats_next]

> For more information about using  Elastic {{observability}}, see the [{{observability}} documentation](/solutions/observability.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using  Elastic {{observability}}, refer to the [{{observability}} documentation](/solutions/observability.md).
```
